Model Assumptions:
For the sake of reducing model complexity I treat all objects as homogenous demographically.
Instead I chose to focus on polarization and credibility as the differentiating factors between different object.
I believe these are two of the strongest independent variables in predicting from fake news belief and distribution from what I've studied.
I don't expect the model to accurately reflect the complexities of real fake news distribution and consumption.
Although I believe it can serve as an effective way to study the effects of polarization and credibility on fake news distribution through the medium of networks.

1. Extremely polarized media distributors distribute around 68% of all fake news and around 5% of all real news.
2. Moderately polarized media distributors distribute around 27% of all fake and around 27% of all real news.
3. Weakly polarized media distributors distribute around 5% of all fake news and around 68% of all real news.
4. Around 20% of all media distributors will be extremely polarized.
5. Around 40% of all media distributors are moderately polarized.
6. Around 40% of all media distributors are weakly polarized.
7. A person is more likely to believe and share a particular piece of news if they are politically aligned.
8. Likelihood of belief and likelihood of redistribution increases the more closely polarized a person and news piece are.
9. A person may belong to up to three media distribution networks.
10. A person may belong to up to 3 networks.
11. Around 20% of all people will be extremely polarized.
12. Around 40% of all people are moderately polarized.
13. Around 40% of all people are weakly polarized.
14. A person's polarization may change based on the news they believe.
15. A person is more likely to change in the direction of their polarization.
16. Each person has a preference for how much news they will consume each round.
17. A media distributor will share all of a news batch with all people in its network, though people may not consume it all.
18. A person will only share news with a few people in their networks.
19. All actions of creation, distribution, and consumption incorporate some form of randomness.
20. A majority of random interactions are scaled from 1-10, with preferences taken into account afterwards.